DEVX-1919: promote CCloud path first in microservices demo (#709)
confluentinc/examples: microservices-orders/docs/index.rst

   - Exercise 0: Run end-to-end demo

#. After you have successfully run the full solution, go through each of the execises 1-7 to better understand the basic principles of streaming applications:

   - Exercise 1: Persist events 
   - Exercise 2: Event-driven applications
   - Exercise 3: Enriching streams with joins
   - Exercise 4: Filtering and branching
   - Exercise 5: Stateful operations
   - Exercise 6: State stores
   - Exercise 7: Enrichment with |ksqldb| 

#. For each of the above exercises:

   - Read the description to understand the focus area for the exercise
   - Edit the file specified in each exercise and fill in the missing code
   - Copy the file to the project, then compile the project and run the test for the service to ensure it works

Exercise 0: Run end-to-end demo
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Running the fully working demo end-to-end provides context for each of the later exercises.

#. Ensure you've followed the appropriate prerequisites section above prior to starting.

#. Start the demo in one of three modes, depending on whether you are running with |ccloud|, in Docker, or |cp| locally:

>    * |ccloud|: first log in to |ccloud| with the command ``ccloud login``, and use your |ccloud| username and password. To prevent being logged out, use the ``--save`` argument which saves your |ccloud| user login credentials or refresh token (in the case of SSO) to the local ``netrc`` file. Then run the full solution (this starts a new |ccloud| environment and Kafka using the :devx-examples:`ccloud stack library|ccloud/ccloud-stack/README.md` of this repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * |ccloud|: first log in to |ccloud| with the command ``ccloud login``, and use your |ccloud| username and password. To prevent being logged out, use the ``--save`` argument which saves your |ccloud| user login credentials or refresh token (in the case of SSO) to the local ``netrc`` file. Then run the full solution using the provided script (this starts a new |ccloud| environment and Kafka using the :devx-examples:`ccloud stack library|ccloud/ccloud-stack/README.md` of this repository).
```

     .. sourcecode:: bash

        ccloud login --save
        ./start-ccloud.sh

>    * Docker: then run the full solution (this also starts a local |cp| cluster in Docker containers).

Reviewer: Suggesting we remove the "then" from these to remove any doubt it's an OR not an AND sequence here
```suggestion
   * Docker: run the full solution using ``docker-compose`` (this also starts a local |cp| cluster in Docker containers).
```

     .. sourcecode:: bash

        docker-compose up -d --build

>    * Local: then run the full solution (this also starts a local |cp| cluster using Confluent CLI):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Local: run the full solution using the provided script (this also starts a local |cp| cluster using Confluent CLI):
```
